#!/bin/bash

sudo docker exec bgp_h11_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_h12_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_h13_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_h14_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r3_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r4_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r5_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r6_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r7_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r8_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r9_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_b1_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_b2_1 ip route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_b3_1 ip route del default

sudo docker exec bgp_r3_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r4_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r5_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r6_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r7_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r8_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_r9_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_b1_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_b2_1 ip -6 route del default
sudo docker exec bgp_b3_1 ip -6 route del default

